SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 31 (#11412)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/diagnostics/tracing/emitting-user-code-traces.md

>  If the service code throws an exception that causes the client to throw as well (for example, when the client did not get the response to its request), both the service and client warning or error messages occur in the same activity for direct correlation. In the following diagram, the service throws an exception that states "The service refuses to process this request in user code." The client also throws an exception that states "The server was unable to process the request due to an internal error."  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If the service code throws an exception that causes the client to throw as well (for example, when the client did not get the response to its request), both the service and client warning or error messages occur in the same activity for direct correlation. In the following image, the service throws an exception that states "The service refuses to process this request in user code." The client also throws an exception that states "The server was unable to process the request due to an internal error."  
```

>   

Reviewer: can you move this before the image?

>  ![Screenshot that shows errors across endpoints for a given request.](./media/emmiting-user-code-traces/trace-viewer-endpoint-errors.gif)  

Reviewer: The folder where the images are has a typo as well

```suggestion
 ![Screenshot of Trace Viewer showing errors across endpoints for a given request.](./media/emitting-user-code-traces/trace-viewer-endpoint-errors.gif)  
```

  
 Double-clicking the Multiply activity on the left panel shows the following graph, with the traces for the Multiply activity for each process involved. We can see a warning first occurred at the service (exception thrown), which is followed by warnings and errors on the client because the request could not be processed. Therefore, we can imply the causal error relationship between endpoints and derive the root cause of the error.  

>   

Reviewer: can you move this before the image?

>  ![Screenshot that shows the graph view of error correlation.](./media/emmiting-user-code-traces/trace-viewer-error-correlation.gif)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Screenshot of Trace Viewer showing the graph view of error correlation.](./media/emitting-user-code-traces/trace-viewer-error-correlation.gif)  
```
